Well, I think this story that I have right now just thinking about it.
So ask the question again, please. A story that shows what it's like
to work in my job. I have a sailor. Well, they're all my sailors.
But this one in particular, Very smart, very strong. Wheeled, Um, once
he wants to be a part of everything. Great. We sit down in a career
development board. That's where we sit down and talk about the career
path, your personal life moving forward, staying in the Navy, getting
out of the Navy. This sailor wants to get out of the Navy. He's
done his time. He's he's okay with eating out. But before he gets
out, he wants to start school and very admirable. We're all taking
college courses and things like that. And he wanted to take a college
course before he got out. Great. Signed up a few months ago. Uh, the
class is eight weeks long, signed up, and then he explained to me
it was motivating. He's excited about it, and he did not come to me
and tell me he was struggling. I found out that he was struggling in
the course when the commanding officer received a letter stating that
he failed the course and would have to pay the money back. So my
commanding officer came and brought the letter to me and I had to call
the sailor in. It's not a good look. It's not good when you're SCM
senior listed leader did not know that you were struggling when we
were having all these conversations about your career and moving forward.
So I had to contact the sailor having come in, have the conversation
about what was going on. And then he explained to me that he
tried to withdraw, but he waited too late to withdraw. He didn't think
it was going to be an issue. But it is an issue because the letter
went straight to the CEO, bypassed myself, bypassed the CEO at the
XO and went straight to the commanding officer. He felt bad about
it, and he and I asked him the question. Waas. Well, why did you tell
me you were struggling? He said he thought he could handle it on
his own, and that's fine. Handle those things on your own. It's fine.
However, he should have explained it to me so I could have warned
the CEO that he was going to be receiving this letter. Um, it's unfortunate
we did take care of it. It's been a few weeks now, and it's
all been taken care of. But that's a lesson learned for all sailors.
Talk to your senior enlisted leader before the issue or situation gets
bigger than it has to, or definitely before it gets to the CEO.